this is the apartment building beth and
i bought last year
it's where i found my biological father
i've spoken to colleagues who've had
success with ivf
at your weight realistically there's
about a 90
chance of failure here her background is
complicated
she will break you kevin you're here
you've been on the antidepressant how
long
uh six years it's possible they're
causing the decreased sperm count
i don't like talking about the war but i
like talking to you
why would you take that risk because i
want to i want to look at the baby in
his face and i want it
i want to see toby i want to see myself
i want to see
i want to say dad
[Music]
she said she was the only one who could
pass on a piece of that
how in the hell can i know so little
about my dad's time in vietnam
i got back from vietnam not too long ago
i had a brother
he died in the war father's a veteran he
served in vietnam did he see combat
i don't know some of these men have to
still be alive we can find them see if
they know your dad's story
don't worry nikki i'm not going anywhere
[Music]
i'm not going anywhere sorry no why
doesn't somebody call the city or parks
and rec fix this place up the city
doesn't care about our problems
but if you think you can do better talk
to councilman there's no easy way
to say this we have to let you go i take
medication for depression
without it life gets pretty scary kate's
never seen me that way though
i hope she never asked you if this
councilman won't do his job then maybe i
can
i think i'm gonna run against him i got
fired today randall
how you feeling fine did we get any eggs
we got eight
i'm randall pearson and i'm running for
councilman for the 12th district
you are not from here honey go home jack
kanye
wanted everything from that war behind
him
but who's to say he wouldn't have wanted
you to know his story
it worked baby
big brothers look out for their little
brothers
it's their only job
that is a visa application for a trip to
vietnam i'm gonna go to the place where
my dad last served i'm gonna track down
that woman and i'm gonna figure out my
dad's story
vietnam huh do you want to go yeah you
all right
i want to enlist doc i need to be there
with him
hey little brother
do you want to go on a drive where do
you want to go
los angeles yeah
yeah yeah let's go to los angeles join
my campaign
you swear this is not a pity job i
wouldn't dare
offer you a petty job i came here for my
brother i was hoping to
take him back with me should've left me
to ride
hey miranda uh jesse nice to meet you
jason
you know randall is the one running
against me for city council
so how many voters registered about 200
ah you only need around uh
20 000 more the ivf worked i'm pregnant
he gave me her necklace right that means
something i'm gonna go to vietnam and
i'm gonna figure out my dad's story
pretty soon you're gonna have your first
boyfriend or
girlfriend or a girlfriend i went to a
database for the war memorial
nicholas pearson he might be dead but he
didn't die here in vietnam you've always
said that you wanted to finish school
i think the time is now oh my god it's a
boy
you're not gonna win this one randall
the numbers aren't there you told me
that
if at any point i wasn't on board with
you running you would stop
i am no longer on board with you running
i had a brother
you died in the woods you could be nice
to them all you want jack
but they're not just women and children
they're the enemy
jack last one ck my dad knew nikki was
alive
well there's a return address bradford
pennsylvania like
i didn't tell you the truth about where
i went today i went
to see someone someone that i'd known
from the war nicholas pearson
our dad told us you died in vietnam he
should never have come for me
you've been having a roof go with things
lately mostly because
of something bad that happened there
something he did
that's no way to live huh all messed up
living alone for 40 some odd years
i can't leave him like that dude you
know there are people that you can talk
to clean up
why didn't i ask him more i want the
truth listen
[Music]
this is beth pearson i was checking to
see if you got
the resume but i hadn't heard anything
so if
you could uh call me back my mom heard a
damn hip again
she okay yeah i just hoped she didn't
break it again
um i gotta head down to dc of course
when now
boss bail couldn't rave about you more
that must have been hard parting ways
yeah sorry it's still a little raw
i take office in the next few weeks and
god only knows what kind of effect
that's going to have on my family
i'm ready to tell you what i want to do
next i want to teach
randall it's a struggle for me to get
out of bed every morning
it takes every single ounce of energy
that i have and then i have nothing left
for the rest of the day
nothing kevin is newly sober just like
his father
and he's had a really tough year
but i know that you're in there when you
open the door
the nikki thing it messed me up a little
bit and i had a drink
i was just wondering if maybe we should
put a pin in your being a dance teacher
so you get to have your dream and i'm
just supposed to
quit my kevin i know that you toby it's
me listen i'm in the car with kate and
uh
i really think we should call an
ambulance because i've been drinking all
day
okay that shot that they gave you it's
working this delayed your labor
10 hours so far i don't need hours kev i
need weeks
it's not that i don't want you to do
what you love i'm just saying if we're
gonna get child care
it's the cost of that child care greater
than or equal to what we'd be bringing
in you mean what i'd be bringing in
all day i thought i had it under control
i don't think i can do this without you
zoe
his uh water bottle was full of vodka
baby this one is not like a regular
because he's not
when i thought you weren't coming i left
your voicemail
you mean the one where you belittled me
and told me to grow the hell up you know
what randall you still have that cot
at your office you should go sleep on it
it's about relocating
out to california you know to be there
for kate to help out with the baby
our kid was 12 weeks early two and a
half pounds he's hooked up to all those
ivs and machines
for the past 20 years i have stood by
your side through
every flight of fancy then for the first
time the first time
i have a flight of fancy and i am not
going to give that up
if having kids is something you need to
make your life complete
you have to tell me if i have to choose
between a life with you
and a life with kids it's no contest i
choose you
it's time to go see it tess i'm not
ready oh do you bring the pin to tail
and a donkey from my office
thank you i promised i'd bring it we're
all going to see randall's mother
[Music]
i'm fine my arm really hurts though
yeah blood oxygen levels are steady his
lungs are functioning well without the
ventilator
give him a little tap okay it startles
him just a little
to remind him to breathe well
thank you so much for picking them up of
course
yeah let me know if you knew anything
else
i lived in this house for eight months
when my mom was in rehab
nobody ever wanted that house
because most people don't win randy you
won the lottery you won it twice
once when you got adopted and again when
you met ben i know my swearing-in is
coming up but i need to ask you
something
what what do you mean resigned
like from city council if i decided i
could go through with accepting the
position my mom didn't want kids at
first either
is that right mm-hmm because all i'm
saying is i think sometimes
you know people think they know what
they want but then time goes by and
things just
stay change i think you'll really love
philly
let's go see some places you know
exactly what to do today
you always know exactly what to do
i want you to be here for me
but even more for jack you want to be a
dad
maybe not now but someday
but i don't want that
you see my wife she's she's the engine
and the rest of us
but we're useless without the engine
i'm going to resign but zion randall
we're moving to philadelphia and i won't
let you give up on your dream
i'm not giving up on my dream i'm gonna
open my own dance studio
in philly we don't work when we're apart
together we set the world on fire
[Music]
hey
thanks for calling
oh hey uncle randall thank you hey
where's your dad
classic kevin
[Music]
okay
you